Link to codepen project: https://codepen.io/jmbobbitt/pen/gOrVxqR 

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        <Semantic HTML> is defined as the use of HTML markup to reinforce the meaning of information in webpages/web 
        applications. 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HTML is used to create and structure sections, paragraphs, headings, links, and blockquotes for web pages/apps. 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute is a modifier. It can either modify the functionality of an element type or provide functionality to 
        certian elements that can't work without them. It is normally put in the HTML start tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The H1 tag is used to create the most important heading on the page. It should only be used once per page. 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        image tag and attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        We can put information that is not displayed in the web browser, such as the title, links to CSS, links to 
        custom favicons, and other metadata (such as keywords).  
    7. What is an id? 
        The id attribute specifies a unique id for and HTML element to use in the document. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        You can add an id to most elements in HTML. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Id's should be unique. So one per page. 
    10. What is a class? 
        A class is used to specify one or more classnames for an element; mainly used to point to a class in 
        a style sheet. 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        the class attribute can be used in any HTML element. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        You  can use the same class on a page multiple times. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        You can add a target="_blank" attribute to your links to open in  new tab or new window. 
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It will show an alternate text for the image, if the image can't be displayed. For example, like if there is a
        slow connection. 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        write a #'id-name' to be able to select the given id you are wanting. 
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        A section refers to parts of a document, while divs refers to section in an HTML document. 
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS is used for describing the presentation of web pages (such as colors, layouts, and fonts).
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        You can select an element by using its tag name. If you want every h2 on the page, then in CSS you 
        would type h2 {and then add whatever descriptor to it}.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        The difference between a class and id is that an id can be used to identify one element, whereas you
        can use a class more than once. 
        An example of using class:
        An example of using ID: 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        To select classes in CSS, write a period (.) character followed by the name of the class. 
        For example, .class-name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”?
        We can select a p element with a single class of "human" by: select the class first then selecting the element. 
        For example: .human p { insert change styles here}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        This selects all elements that a direct child of a specified element. This is useful when using nested list. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        To select all the links within a div with the class of sidebar: use the character period (.sidebar)
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state (ex. 1st element of their 
        type/ hovered over by mouse pointer).
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Use the line-height property in CSS. 
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        Use the letter-spacing property, and change the value by using pixels or em values. 
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        CAPITALS: p{ text-transform: uppercase}
        lowercase: p{ text-transform: lowercase}
        Capitalize: p{ text-transform: capitalize}
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div.dotted {
            outline-style: dotted;
             outline-color:red;
             }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        To select everything on the page, you can use * 
        Example: * { background-color: gray;}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? 
        To write a comment in CSS, write 
        /* and type what you want to comment then end with */  
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        To find what file you are in use the command (pwd).
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        You can use the command (ls).
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        You can remove a file via the command (rm filename). You need to be careful with this 
        as in some systems it won't prompt you before deleting the file(s), so you could lose 
        a lot of work. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        I should use version control to help teams solve problems. It helps by tracking 
        every inidividual change by each contributor and helps prevent concurrent work 
        from conflicting. 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        I should commit to github fairly often. I should get in the habit to commit every 2-5 
        hours or after finishing a feature for a project that is being worked on.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        We should use the (git add .) command to add our changes to the repo then use the 
        command (git commit -m 'helpful comment here'); after this use the command 
        (git push -u origin branch-name) to push back to github. 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Walk through of Lambda's git flow:
            1. always fork your own version of repo
            2. make sure your name is in front of repo
            3. clone repo by: copying URL of your repo
            4. then inside Git-Bash, use the cd command to go to the directory where
             your new clone is to be placed. (EX: cd documents/git )
            5. use the git clone command to make a copy into your 
            directory (ex: git clone https://copyofurlfromgithub.com)
            6. cd into the newly created repo using the command (ex: cd <repo-name>)
            7. use the git command checkout to change to your branch name 
                (ex: git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname)
            8. use command (ex: code .) to pull VSC open on your device and 
            work on project. 
            9. Make sure to use these commands often to keep the branch clean and saved
             (Ex: git add .) & (Ex: git commit -m "your helpful comment here"). 
            10. When finished and ready to push back to github be sure to use the following command 
            (Ex: git push -u origin branc-name)
            11. After pushing back to github, go back to the forked repo project and create
                a new pull request under your branch name. (Remember to not click the merge icon!)

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 